Add release notes for 2.10.15 (#9979)
PrefectHQ/prefect: RELEASE-NOTES.md

# Prefect Release Notes

## Release 2.10.15

## Introducing deployment configuration saving in `prefect deploy`
We are excited to announce a significant enhancement to our `prefect deploy` command, aimed at making your deployment process even more user-friendly.

Previously, users had to recall their deployment configurations each time they wanted to redeploy with the same settings. Recognizing this potential inconvenience, we've now incorporated a feature to save your deployment inputs for future use, thereby streamlining redeployments.

> The new interactive `prefect deploy` command guides you through the deployment process, from setting the schedule and the work pool to the pull step. After your deployment is created, it will prompt you to save your inputs. Opting 'yes' will create a prefect.yaml file with your inputs stored in the deployments list, along with the generated pull step, should one not exist.

Author: ```suggestion
The new interactive `prefect deploy` command guides you through the deployment process, from setting the schedule and the work pool to the pull step. After your deployment is created, it will prompt you to save your inputs. Opting 'yes' will create a `prefect.yaml` file with your inputs stored in the deployments list, along with the generated `pull` step, should one not exist.
```

> The new interactive `prefect deploy` command guides you through the deployment process, from setting the schedule and the work pool to the pull step. After your deployment is created, it will prompt you to save your inputs. Opting 'yes' will create a prefect.yaml file with your inputs stored in the deployments list, along with the generated pull step, should one not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new interactive `prefect deploy` command guides you through the deployment process, from setting the schedule and the work pool to the pull step. After your deployment is created, you will have the option to save your inputs. Opting 'yes' will create a prefect.yaml file if one does not exist. The prefect.yaml file will contain your inputs stored in the deployments list, along with the generated pull step.
```

-- demo or pic --

> Running the deploy command again provides you with the option to reuse the saved deployment configuration or to create a new one. Should you choose to create a new deployment, you will again be given the option to save your inputs. This way, you can maintain a list of multiple deployment configurations, ready to be used whenever needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the deploy command again provides you with the option to reuse the saved deployment configuration or to create a new one. Should you choose to create a new deployment, you will again be given the option to save your inputs. This way, you can maintain a list of multiple deployment configurations, ready to be used whenever needed.
```
```suggestion
If you have a `prefect.yaml` file in the same directory where you run your command, running the deploy command again gives you the option to reuse the saved deployment configuration or to create a new one. 
If you choose to create a new deployment, you will again be given the option to save your inputs. This way, you can maintain a list of multiple deployment configurations, ready to be used whenever needed.
```

> Running the deploy command again provides you with the option to reuse the saved deployment configuration or to create a new one. Should you choose to create a new deployment, you will again be given the option to save your inputs. This way, you can maintain a list of multiple deployment configurations, ready to be used whenever needed.

Author: ```suggestion
Running the `deploy` command again provides you with the option to reuse the saved deployment configuration or to create a new one. Should you choose to create a new deployment, you will again be given the option to save your inputs. This way, you can maintain a list of multiple deployment configurations, ready to be used whenever needed.
```
